SPCTR-2820: Fix:  Masonry-gallery reset button not working issue (#3111)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

* Fix: Modal - Resolved an issue with the close button in Astra's custom layout action hook `before_add_to_card_form`.
* Fix: Custom CSS - CSS were not loading on frontend when WP core block uses a custom css on page and there is no spectra block on the page.
* Fix: Modal - Inside the Container, the alignment of the block gets in center from the left.

> * Fix: Extensions: Masonry-gallery reset button not working issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Masonry Gallery - Resolved an issue in which the reset button did not work as intended.
```

Author: Added

* Fix: Global - Fixed an issue wherein a Google error would appear when loading Google Fonts locally with a specific font weight and family set to default.
* Fix: Global - Fixed a font resource URL breakage issue that occurs when the provided 'google_font' array contains a font family with an empty string.
* Fix: Global - Updated dynamic styling to load in FSE (Full Site Editing) template pages in the front-end for reusable blocks.

> * Fix: Masonry Gallery - Resolved an issue in which the reset button did not work as intended.

Reviewer: Let's move this changelog entry underneath this one:
`* Fix: Masonry Gallery Extension - Resolved an issue in which the Masonry Gallery extension would not work as intended in the FSE.`
